during a players turn in combat they must choose 2 paths to take, after choosing a path they may do any or all of the choices in that path in any order.

attack path: attack a player with your primary weapon, use a non healing consumable on an adjacent player, play an active trait card
defend path: move to an adjacent movement slot, reload, use ANY consumable either on yourself or an adjacent player. reroll for cover. Note: consumables dont have to be used on the player you attacked with your primary weapon.

quad deringer pistol(3): one time use, fires 4 inaccurate shots in one turn discard after use

bear trap(8): place down between move zones on combat board. if any player moves across it the trap is discarded and the player takes +4 damage

poison trip mine(4): place down between move zones on combat board. if any player moves across it the trap is discarded and the player takes +2 damage and cannot heal on their next turn

concertina bomb(6): throw on a player during combat, deals +4 damage on impact and prevent them from moving during their next turn.

choke bomb(8): throw on a player during combat, decreases accuracy by -2 for one turn
instantly kills immolator

dusters[tool](16): +1  passive damage to all monsters

first aid kit(8): heals +15 of your health (half of your health)

vitality shot(16): heals 8 health (1/4 of your health)

flare pistol(5): deals 7 fire damage, instantly kills armored

Heavy knife[tool](8): +3 passive damage to all monsters (except immolators)

Knife[tool](16): +2 passive damage to all monsters (except immolators)

knuckle kife[tool](4): +2 damage to all monsters

throwing knives(24): consumable item that deals +2 damage to all enemies if you find more of these you can stack them on top of eachother in your inventory

decoys(8): chose one: 1.throw on a empty movement square during combat to immediatley force the next player to move there on their turn. 2.throw on another player to force the next player to attack that player

Ammo box(10):playing this card will refill you 20 regular ammo and 3 special ammo of your choosing

antidote shot(10):consuming this item will remove the effects of poison and make you immune to poison for 2 turns

big dynamite bundle(3):once thrown it wont explode until your enemy's next turn if they are still on the tile it was thrown on it will deal +30 damage

Dynamite bundle(5):once thrown it wont explode until your enemy's next turn if they are still on the tile it was thrown on it will deal +20 damage

dynamite stick(7): once thrown it wont explode until your enemy's next turn if they are still on the tile it was thrown on it will deal +10 damage

chaos bomb(): TBD

fire bomb(7): throw on an enemy and deal +6 fire damage

Hellfire Bomb(3): throw on an enemy and deal +12 fire damage

flash bomb(7): throw on an enemy and decrease their accuracy by 4 for one turn

frag bomb(5): throw on an enemy and deal +6 damage instantly

Hive Bomb(7): when thrown, roll a 2 or better to see if the swarm will attack your target. if you succeed the target gets poisoned and takes 4 damage. if you fail that roll the swarm attacks you instead.

poison bomb(7): throw on an enemy to poison them.

stamina shot(): TBD might give some buff to movment

sticky bomb(): TBD

waxed dynamite stick(): TBD

